Just divorced scum and got married the next day
I'm not dreaming
Wife
Did you hear clearly?
It was a complete accident that I got the certificate from you.
It's because I focus my vows
I had to get the certificate from you
So?
So don't think you can just get the certificate.
Do whatever you want
Come on.
Where are you going to buy a dress?
To attend the banquet, you must dress up to attend the banquet
Fengxi banquet
Our Chen family has received an invitation letter
Since I came to Qingzhou Black Golden Chicken, he still has to give him face
I just have something to do
He received an invitation
Chen family which Chen family
Could it be that Chen family in the capital?
What's the matter
You can go
Well, you don't need to buy a dress.
I'll just change it when I go home.
You go first
Then we will meet at the entrance of the Four Seas Hotel in the evening
Listen to you